Hello and welcome everyone to the Dynamic Programming Master Course.
The only course you need to master DP.
Hi.
I'm Apaar, I'm a software engineer at Google and course  instructor at coding minutes.
We also have Prateek Bhaiya founder of Coding Minutes and engineering lead at SCALAR.
Coding minutes is a group of engineers who love to teach.
We have created several top notch highest rated as well as bestseller courses on udemy
Feel free to check them out.
Let's talk more about this course.
In my long teaching career.
I see that dynamic programming is one concept, but it has various implementations.
So I have divided this course into modules based on their implementation of dynamic programming.
Furthermore, this will help us detect problems and dive deeper into dynamic programming and its variations.
This course has lots of benefits.
We will solve very simple as well as advanced level dynamic programming problems, which will ultimately
help you boost your confidence in online and live coding rounds.
This course.
Also, this course is a 40 plus hours.
Such well-structured and designed content.
We have also shared the live links of practice problems across various computer programming platforms
such as leetcode and codeforces
This course also shares some very less known topics, which will give you an edge over others.
Also, we will live code all the problems that will be discussed in this course.
Who can join this course. correct
Anyone with a knack of programming is eligible to join this course, but fundamental knowledge of basic
data structures and algorithms is a must.
So are you ready for some heavy problem lifting?
All right.
Wishing you all the best and see you in the course.
Thank you.